Resume Highlights. I can't find my old resume at the moment but hope to get it from a friend shortly. I'll provide you with the update once I have it.

Role: for 6+ years, Worked at a boutique Toronto-based investment bank specializing in the alternative investments private markets, with a focus on providing Limited Partners, General Partners and Strategic Investors with liquidity solutions for direct and indirect PE/RE/VC/Infrastructure and private credit assets (Confidentially, I worked at Setter Capital Inc. That website and Brant Street Capital (a spinout brokerage) should give you a sense of the industry). Incessant business development with principals (e.g. direct investors, their LPs, secondary investments, their investment consultant, Outsourced CIOs, banks, lawyers, etc. and relationship management to source, structure, execute and close deals. Maintaining close contexts and leveraging the strength of weak connections to unearth dealflow through . Advised on over 800 million USD in transactions across the asset classes mentioned. Extensive email business marketing, cold calling, deal execution and negotiation, financial modelling, presentation creating and making and all other things that investment bankers, PE and VC professional actually do. Auction management, CRM maintenange, etc. clients were very global in nature including the most sophisticated secondary GPs and LPs in the world, including massive pension funds, endowments/foundations, Insurance companies, investment funds, family offices, investment consultants etc. running auction processes, pricing/fairness valuations.

Inspiration: Took time away from IB and focused on tech/software/database/AI development. My stack in this project speaks to this work and recent growth in skill set. Focus on the sense of frustration of not being able to fully leverage the strength of weak connections and unearthing new opportunities through investor, co-investor, investment manager, consultant, lawyer relations to unearth connections in this highly-relationship-driven market. Would have loved more warm intros if I had known that certainly people were connected indiretly, a bit like getting a rough sense of their LinkedIn profiles and their brilliant recommendations. These are based on social connections. These connections would be more about underlying investment holdings, board seats, investment consultants and other service providers. Essentially, all sorts of connections being left on the table that are a couple hops away in graphs through different measurements and relations. I provided several examples of my vision for this to you in this message history and you should have the context, or can get it from my docs.
